DOCS-1021: Add base control tab view (#1725)
viamrobotics/docs: static/include/components/base-control.md

## Test the base

> After you configure the base, go to the [control](/manage/fleet/robots/#control) tab and expand the base component in order to enable keyboard or [discrete](https://docs.viam.com/try-viam/try-viam-tutorial/#discrete-movement-control) control over your robot's movement. The Live Feed section contains buttons to toggle cameras on or off and to arrange how you view the camera feeds.

Reviewer: Just a few small things!

- For UI elements in the Viam App, we use **bold** to signify a UI element the user will see in the App UI.
- We also keep each sentence on its own separate line to help with reviewing and to keep code width reasonable (don't worry: it still renders as a sentence within the same paragraph, unless you put an entire blank newline in between sentences).
- Not every base will feature the **Live Feeds** section, it depends on whether a camera is configured for the robot / base.

All together, this paragraph might resemble something like:

```suggestion
After you configure the base, go to the [**Control**](/manage/fleet/robots/#control) tab and expand the base component to view the controls to enable keyboard or [discrete](https://docs.viam.com/try-viam/try-viam-tutorial/#discrete-movement-control) control over your robot's movement.
If your base makes use of a [camera](/components/camera/) component, the **Control** tab for your base will also display a **Live Feed** section which contains buttons to toggle cameras on or off, and to arrange how you view the camera feeds.
```

> ![The base component in control tab](/components/base/base-control-tab.png)

Reviewer: This screenshot as-is appears quite large when [rendered on-page](https://docs-test.viam.dev/036c15e88047529af7ef8c5b3416facd5eefd05b/public/components/base/fake/#test-the-base). We have another way of including images that can resize the image during the build, that looks like this:

```
{{< imgproc src="/components/base/base-control-tab.png" alt="The base component in control tab" resize="300x" >}}
```

If you stage your PR locally with `hugo serve-dev` or similar, you can see how it looks and then tweak that size (`400`? `250` ?) until it looks just right by you. Image sizing does not have to be perfect: try to aim for much of the text in the image to be about the same size as the surrounding copy!
